I attended the fabulous Family Dollar
VIP vlogging event in Charlotte North
Carolina October 17th and 18th I was
giving an assigned product which is
lustrous pink and part of my obligation
was to share with you my experience
using the product lustrous pink original
is not a product I would normally use in
my hair in fact I haven't used it in my
hair in over 10 12 years but I actually
like the product I am here to share my
experience using a lustrous pink
original I take a small amount in the
palm of my hands as directed and evenly
distribute it throughout my hair I use
my Denman brush to evenly coat my hair
with lustrous pink original
I am so in love with my hair right now
look at all of that bounce and movement
so much shine lustrous pink didn't leave
my hair feeling stiff and I can rub my
fingers through my hair I also love how
my curls spring right back Lester's pink
didn't make my hair feel greasy way down
or coated the perfect blend my hair is
often a reflection of my mood so when I
look good I feel good now you know I had
to get my happy hair dance on
Lester's pink original definitely
offered so much bounce so much body so
much flexibility so much movement so
much shine so much definition so much
style long-lasting curls my hair had
plenty of texture lustrous pink original
hair lotion is specifically formulated
with essential vitamins Pro vitamin b5
and vitamin E to help revive and protect
the hair different places moisture lost
to heat styling and conditions damaged
hair to reduce breakage original lotion
helps soften and smooth the hair for
improved manageability so that it is
easier to comb and it has definitely
lived up to that lustrous pink original
highly recommended